[Music]
ch
[Applause]
The dream of many days has come true. The two children
pray to Buddha for his witness. Long Thanh vows to
be a Buddhist at home, diligently caring for his parents. He vows to
study Buddhist teachings, diligently learning a trade for a
long time in his
family. He prays to Buddha to witness that the
two children will get married and live as lay Buddhists, upholding the Three Jewels and harmonizing with all beings. He vows to study Buddhist teachings, attaining enlightenment in life, and achieving great blessings. Today, he wishes for a harmonious marriage. The two
children pay homage to Buddha and have his witness.
[Applause]
[Music] The dream of many days
has come true. The
two children pray to Buddha for his witness. Long Thanh vows to be a
Buddhist at home, diligently caring for his parents. He vows to study
Buddhist teachings, diligently learning a trade for a
long time in his family. ... He wishes for a lay Buddhist, upholding the Three Jewels and harmonizing with all beings.  The Three Jewels
harmonize with all sentient beings,
originally learning Buddhist Dharma. High enlightenment,
profound wisdom, abundant blessings, far-reaching
practice today, the aspiration of Thanh Den, two
children, reciting scriptures, offering prayers to Buddha, many
witnesses.
Min, two children, reciting scriptures
[Applause]
Buddha
has
witnessed B
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
h
[Music]